Okay, so let's get started
with our development process.
So in this video, we're going to cover three steps
of generating the checkout component,
adding a new route,
and also creating a new checkout button.
All righty, so swinging into our IDE here,
what we'll do is we'll actually open up
a new terminal window
to generate that component.
So then I use that ng generate command.
So I generate component,
and then it's in components/checkout.
And then we can go check on those generated files
under app components/checkout.
So let me just exit out of the window
just to clean it up
to give me some extra space to work with.
So in step two,
we're going to add a new route for the checkout component,
and we do this work inside of our app.module.ts file.
So I'll just move down here to my routes,
I'll zoom in for asecond,
and I'll just a do a little quick copy-paste exercise.
And then I'll update the entry here for checkout,
and it'll link over to our new component,
the checkout component.
All righty, so that looks pretty good so far.
So in step three,
we're going to create a new checkout button
and link to the checkout component.
So we'll do this work in our cart details component,
so in our cart-details.component.html file,
let me expand the window here.
So cart-details.component.html,
and we'll kind of scroll down a bit
to where we have our order information,
and right down here,
so right after the Qantiy, Shipping, and Total Price
we'll add this new button for checkout.
Okay, so that coding looks pretty good.
Okay, I have one small thing I want to do.
I want to modify the checkout.component.html,
add some appropriate CSS styles to it
just so we can see it when we actually test our application.
So let's go ahead and move to checkout.component.html.
We'll set up a div in class=main content,
and here we simply place that checkout works
inside of that div.
All righty, so now we can go ahead and test this out,
so let's go ahead and open up a terminal window,
and we'll start our application,
and also make sure that your spring boot application
is already running on the back end.
All righty, so our app is up and running.
We'll just go through and add a couple of items to our cart.
See the cart details,
and I'll scroll down and there's our new button, checkout.
And then be sure to scroll up a little bit
so you can see the results there,
but there we go, checkout works.
So we know that we have the basics in place
or the mechanics in place for this checkout button,
and now we need to add a bit more functionality,
and we'll do that in the next video.